c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\bin\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.BugTracking.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Login.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\bin\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\bin\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.AddUser.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.AdminPanelForm.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.AllBugs.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.EditBug.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.EditUser.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.ViewBugs.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.ViewUserProfile.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.ViewUsers.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\obj\Debug\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat.Views.AddNewBugs.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\BugTracking_Aplication_suman_mahat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
